README.md, before:

# Security Headers Twill Capsule

This Twill Capsule is intended to enable developers add Security Headers configuration to applications, giving users a friendly dashboard to configure these headers: 

## Screenshots

### CMS configuration
![screenshot 1](docs/screenshot01.png)

![screenshot 2](docs/screenshot02.png)

### [Mozilla Observatory](https://observatory.mozilla.org) security headers check

![screenshot 2](docs/screenshot03.png)

## Supported Headers

- [CSP (Content Security Policy)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP)
- [HSTS (Strict-Transport-Security)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Strict-Transport-Security)
- [Permissions-Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Permissions-Policy)
- [Referrer-Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Referrer-Policy)
- [X-Content-Type-Options](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Content-Type-Options)
- [X-Frame-Options](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Frame-Options)
- [Expect-CT](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Expect-CT) (deprecated by most browsers)
- [X-XSS-Protection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-XSS-Protection) (non-standard, not for production)

## Unwanted headers
This capsule also has an option for removing any unwanted headers from the response. Update the `config/twill-security-headers.php` file to add any unwanted headers from the response: 

```php
'unwanted-headers' => ['X-Powered-By', 'server', 'Server'],
```

## Installing

## Supported Versions
Composer will manage this automatically for you, but these are the supported versions between Twill and this package.

| Twill Version | HTTP Basic Auth Capsule |
|---------------|-------------------------|
| 3.x           | 2.x                     |
| 2.x           | 1.x                     |

### Require the Composer package:

``` bash
composer require area17/twill-security-headers
```

### Publish the configuration

``` bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="A17\TwillSecurityHeaders\ServiceProvider"
```

### Usage
It's pretty straightforward, once installed you will have access to the menu option `Twill Security Headers`, which is a single page having all the supported headers that you can enable, disable and edit the properties to sent with the response.

### CSP config
Creating CSP policies usually takes time and it's hard to write them manually. You can make use if [Report URI](https://report-uri.com/home/generate), a great tool that allows you to paste your current policy, edit and generate a new string to be pasted on the package.  

## Disabling

This package is enabled and injects itself automatically. To disable it you just need to add to `.env`:

```dotenv
TWILL_SECURITY_HEADERS_ENABLED=false
```

## Contribute

Please contribute to this project by submitting pull requests.

Commit message:

Add instructions on how to add the menu option

README.md, after:

# Security Headers Twill Capsule

This Twill Capsule is intended to enable developers add Security Headers configuration to applications, giving users a friendly dashboard to configure these headers: 

## Screenshots

### CMS configuration
![screenshot 1](docs/screenshot01.png)

![screenshot 2](docs/screenshot02.png)

### [Mozilla Observatory](https://observatory.mozilla.org) security headers check

![screenshot 2](docs/screenshot03.png)

## Supported Headers

- [CSP (Content Security Policy)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP)
- [HSTS (Strict-Transport-Security)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Strict-Transport-Security)
- [Permissions-Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Permissions-Policy)
- [Referrer-Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Referrer-Policy)
- [X-Content-Type-Options](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Content-Type-Options)
- [X-Frame-Options](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-Frame-Options)
- [Expect-CT](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Expect-CT) (deprecated by most browsers)
- [X-XSS-Protection](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/X-XSS-Protection) (non-standard, not for production)

## Unwanted headers
This capsule also has an option for removing any unwanted headers from the response. Update the `config/twill-security-headers.php` file to add any unwanted headers from the response: 

```php
'unwanted-headers' => ['X-Powered-By', 'server', 'Server'],
```

## Installing

## Supported Versions
Composer will manage this automatically for you, but these are the supported versions between Twill and this package.

| Twill Version | HTTP Basic Auth Capsule |
|---------------|-------------------------|
| 3.x           | 2.x                     |
| 2.x           | 1.x                     |

### Require the Composer package:

``` bash
composer require area17/twill-security-headers
```

### Publish the configuration

``` bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="A17\TwillSecurityHeaders\ServiceProvider"
```

### Usage and menu
It's pretty straightforward, once installed you will have access to the menu option `Twill Security Headers`, which is a single page having all the supported headers that you can enable, disable and edit the properties to sent with the response.

If you are clearing the Twill menu in order to create a new one yourself, you will need to add it manually:

```php
TwillNavigation::clear();

...

TwillNavigation::addLink(
    NavigationLink::make()
        ->forModule('TwillSecurityHeaders')
        ->title('Security headers')
);
```

### CSP config
Creating CSP policies usually takes time and it's hard to write them manually. You can make use if [Report URI](https://report-uri.com/home/generate), a great tool that allows you to paste your current policy, edit and generate a new string to be pasted on the package.  

## Disabling

This package is enabled and injects itself automatically. To disable it you just need to add to `.env`:

```dotenv
TWILL_SECURITY_HEADERS_ENABLED=false
```

## Contribute

Please contribute to this project by submitting pull requests.
